WindhawkBlur guide (#242)
ramensoftware/windows-11-taskbar-styling-guide: README.md

Fill:=<AcrylicBrush TintColor="{ThemeResource SystemAccentColorDark2}" TintOpacity="0.3" />
```

### WindhawkBlur effect as color

> An alternative to Acrylic is the mod's own blur implementation called `WindhawkBlur`. It differs from Acrylic because it has a customizable blur radius and has fewer bugs (eg. https://github.com/ramensoftware/windhawk-mods/issues/742).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to Acrylic is the mod's own blur implementation called `WindhawkBlur`. It differs from Acrylic because it has a customizable blur radius and has fewer bugs (e.g. https://github.com/ramensoftware/windhawk-mods/issues/742).
```

```
Fill:=<WindhawkBlur BlurAmount="10" TintColor="#80ff0000" />
```
_This example sets a blur that is tinted with red at 50% opacity._

> - `BlurAmount`: Radius of blur effect. (Set to 30 to mimic Acrylic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `BlurAmount`: Radius of blur effect (set to 30 to mimic Acrylic).
```

> - `TintColor`: Hex color in __#AARRGGBB__ format that is applied to the blur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TintColor`: Hex color in `#AARRGGBB` format that is applied to the blur.
```

>   - ThemeResources and color names (eg. Red) are currently not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `ThemeResource` colors and color names (e.g. `Red`) are currently not supported. 
```
